MLT-0035 Dummy SynQ deployment (#26)
NationalLibraryOfNorway/warehouse-logistics-service: README.md

***Caveats:***
- When building the Docker image outside of NLNs network the build will fail, as it won't be able to access internal Harbor instance.
  In this case change the `FROM` line in the [Dockerfile](docker/Dockerfile "Link to project's Dockerfile") to `FROM eclipse-temurin:21-jdk-alpine` and build the image locally.
- If you are outside of NLNs network your tests will fail, as an image for the dummy SynQ server is required for tests.

>   There is currently no replacement available for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  There is currently no replacement available for this, except for building the image for Dummy SynQ manually and pointing to it in places where it's used.
```

The following environment variables are relevant to configuring the application:

- `KEYCLOAK_ISSUER_URI`: Is used to point at the Keycloak server used for authentication (required)

> - `KEYCLOAK_TOKEN_AUD`: Is used to set the audience for which Keycloak server the application intends to authenticate from (required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KEYCLOAK_TOKEN_AUD`: Is used to set the audience of the Keycloak JWT token, it must match with the issued token audience value, which is different between environments (required)
```
